Joe security v2 adding task for file types (#30737)
demisto/content: Packs/JoeSecurity/ReleaseNotes/1_1_16.md

#### Playbooks

##### Detonate File - JoeSecurity V2

> - Added task for verify uploaded files are supported by the vendor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a task to verify that the uploaded files are supported by the vendor.
```

> - Deleted unused input of Interval

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deleted unused Interval input.
```
